Life is so unpredictable.
Looking back, I never thought I'd be here.
Still, I don't regret the choices I've made.
Although at times, I wasn't sure where they'd date me.
Hey Liz.
Hey, Zach.
What are you doing here?
I was just head and work.
I was friendly though.
I actually used to have a 15-minute.
Hey, Meg.
Hey.
You guys both work here?
Yes, we do.
Nice.
Yes.
Listen, if you have a couple of minutes,
can I buy you something to drink?
My treat.
Anything?
Uh, um.
Well, okay.
One Earl Grey coming up.
Thank you very much.
Chino with whipped cream.
That sounds so much better.
Uh, cheese.
What I want.
How do you work at a coffee shop and drink tea?
I just needed an after-school job.
Meg had mentioned there was an opening here and I figured
it would be great for pioneering once I graduate.
Pioneering?
Yeah.
I didn't realize that's what you were planning on doing.
How many times do we run into each other?
Whether it's school or at the King of Hall?
And this is the first time that we've actually
getting a chance to talk.
Yeah.
I know.
I guess that's part of being the new guy, right?
Oh, come on.
You're not that new.
I don't know.
I guess it still feels like that sometimes.
Do you not like it here?
No, it's not that I don't like it.
It's just...
It's totally different.
Why did your family move?
My dad's opening up a restaurant not too far from here.
So we moved to be closer.
I don't have to give him a minute, Dad.
He's not a witness, so.
How does he feel about the truth?
I think his real concern is that I make time
for the business when I graduate.
Is that what you want to do?
In the end, I think I want what most people want.
I have a job doing something that I like to do.
Make some money.
How about you?
I mean, besides pioneering.
What plans do you have?
I've been wanting to take some classes.
Oh, it's my dad.
I'm the one sad.
Hey, Dad.
Yeah, I can be there in 15.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
So then I let you go.
My dad needs me at the restaurant.
Totally understand.
But I'll definitely see you in school, okay?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you for my tea.
You're welcome.
See you later, Zach.
Bye.
I know what that was about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
No?
She's new here.
Mm-hmm.
She's talking.
Oh, she's just trying to be nice.
Mm-hmm.
Trying to be nice.
Got it.
Fun.
What?
It seems like he likes you.
He seems nice.
I don't even know him.
Is it because he's not baptized?
But he's not baptized?
I thought you knew that.
And no, I just zoomed.
Well, that tells you something.
He knows it's the truth.
And again, I can't even consider someone who's not baptized.
Blaze, not everyone is raising the truth like us.
Give him a chance.
Try to be a little more understanding.
Because everything OK?
It's been better.
Why was the coach yelling at you?
I told him I wasn't playing soccer anymore.
He just went off.
They were going to offer me a sports scholarship.
And now, I'm throwing my future away.
Scholarship must be good.
I used to play on the team of my old school.
But my parents, my mom, she doesn't really
want me to play anymore.
Can you tell the coach why you can't play?
Are you kidding?
You would never understand the whole religion thing?
Well, if it's any consolation, I think what you did today
was the right decision.
Thanks.
But between you and me, I really want to play.
No, I just feel torn sometimes.
I can understand that.
But being able to dedicate you to life to Jehovah,
it's worth any sacrifice.
You mean like baptism?
Yeah, you have a date plan?
You know, with school wrapping up,
I've just been focused on helping my dad out.
I'm hoping maybe for the end of the year.
But we'll see how it goes.
Well, I think what you did today
was definitely a step in the right direction.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I should probably go get changed.
OK.
I'll see you tonight.
Tonight?
At the meeting?
Oh, there you are.
Of course.
Hey, man.
Oh, am I interrupting something?
No, I was just leaving.
I'll see you tonight.
All right.
Hey, see you tonight.
What's that about?
Our meeting.
Remember, I told you I'm becoming a Jehovah's Witness.
I mean, I know you told me, but saying and doing
two different things, my friend.
Well, I'm ready to do it.
Why now?
No.
Because a church girl?
No way.
I don't think so.
What's that supposed to mean?
Come on.
Nothing against Liz, right?
But she's really religious.
You?
Not so much.
Is that so?
I'm just telling you how I see it.
Well, start seeing it a little differently.
I mean, if you say so.
But look, I thought we had plans tonight.
Well, plans.
The game at Westbrook Park.
I have my meeting tonight.
Look, it's fine.
I can find someone else, you know?
I got a bunch of best friends.
Don't worry about me.
Stop, stop.
Count me in.
I'll be there.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Cool.
Well, look, I got to go get changed.
I'll see you tonight.
Liz, I can't make it tonight.
Thanks for the talk.
Let's chat tomorrow, OK?
That sounds good.
Liz, what do you think about that?
Is that something you can do?
Liz?
Liz, where'd you go?
You weren't even listening to our conversation, huh?
I know, I'm sorry.
Is everything OK?
Actually, there's something I want to tell you.
I'm not quite sure how to say it.
OK, we're listening.
There's someone I'm interested in.
Interested in?
Someone I'd like to date.
You're only 17.
I'm turning 18 the next month.
That's not the point.
What is the point?
You know how your mom and I feel about you even
thinking about dating so young.
Who are we talking about?
Zach.
Zach Tanner?
Dad, if this is about him not being baptized.
Whoa, yes, this is exactly about him not being baptized.
And even if he was, you're both still too young.
We're not that young.
We're graduating soon.
Liz, neither one of you is ready for marriage right now.
Can you honestly see Zach as being your spiritual head?
I never thought I'd feel like this.
Liz, we understand.
We're not against you finding someone
that's going to make you happy when they were not.
But the problem is, darling,
that when you start developing strong feelings for someone
early on, it is so hard to see their potential flaws.
But I thought when you're married,
you're supposed to overlook flaws.
That's true.
But the time to keep your eyes open to potential spiritual
problems is way before marriage, not afterwards.
I know.
It's just when I see other girls with their boyfriends.
I want that too.
Liz, we understand.
But Zach hasn't even taken the first step towards baptism yet.
Neither one of you are ready for dating.
I'm sorry, but there's no way your mom and I can approve of this.
I think it's time to warm you up.
Yeah, man.
So what's up?
Well, haven't you been responding to any of my texts?
I know.
I'm sorry.
You remember how you told me you felt
when a coach wanted you to play, but you knew you couldn't?
When I told him I felt torn?
Yeah.
What does that have to do with?
My parents feel like we're too young to get into a relationship.
Your parents, Liz?
You're almost 18.
No, I know.
It's not just that.
So we had something here.
Don't let them ruin this for us.
I feel like I have my goals.
And I don't think you're on the same page.
What kind of goals are you talking about?
I'm hearing.
Maybe in the future of Angelizer School.
Oh, come on.
I'm not opposed to any of that.
You're not for it, either.
I admit sometimes I miss meetings, and I should be out in service more.
I know that.
But I'll turn things around.
When?
That's why I have you.
You can help me.
Help me, Zach.
Come on, Liz.
You can't.
Where you won't.
I was hoping you weren't going to be like this.
Be like one.
I know I have things to work on.
Just allow you to give me a little bit more time before you just write me off.
I'm not writing you off.
Really?
So you're saying you'd give us another chance?
Exactly.
You know what, though?
I can never be with someone that expects perfection.
Well, neither was this.
What are you doing here?
I'm just walking, Jasper.
What are you doing?
I'm actually waiting for a shipment for my dad's restaurant, so.
How nice.
I'm hoping it's your soon.
I know we've talked enough, but.
I don't think I really had a chance to tell you how sorry I am that things didn't work out with you and Liz.
She really liked you.
Thanks, I guess.
You know, maybe things can still work out.
Yeah, I don't think so.
To be honest, it's been months now.
And you know what?
We just weren't right for each other.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, she's the type of girl that was expecting me to be perfect.
And on top of that, she didn't even really know how she fell.
I know.
I told her the same thing.
You did?
Yeah.
What else did you tell her if you don't mind me asking?
Well, that you're a great guy.
And she's crazy for not giving you a chance.
I didn't realize that's how you fell.
No.
No, I didn't mean it that way.
What I meant to say is thank you.
Seriously, I appreciate that.
Well, I should probably take Jasper for a walk because he gets really cranky.
I don't want that to happen, so I'll let you go.
All right, I'll see you around.
All right, bye.
You'll make, you got a box.
Megan saw this and thought Jasper might like it.
And then I saw this and thought you might like it.
Let me know.
Zach.
Something to eat.
Another text message?
It is.
Megan, are you sure about this?
I thought you were over Zach.
I am.
That's not what I'm saying.
So, what are you saying?
Are you sure about getting into something with him?
His spirituality is, Liz.
You and I, we see things differently.
I don't expect him to be perfect.
Don't you see the potential problems?
No, I don't.
I just see a lot of good.
And besides, I can change him.
Megan, he's not even baptized yet.
Zach is not a spiritually mature person.
The problems come up.
You're going to want someone who's solid in it.
I don't want to argue.
Okay.
Why can't you just be happy for me?
I don't want you to be happy.
Then just drop it.
Fine.
I won't bring it up again.
Listen, I have to take this.
I appreciate concern, but...
This...
This is my decision.
I know.
Just be sure it's the right one.
Hey, Zach, how are you?
I've been very uncomfortable before.
I need a dress.
All right.
Get in safely.
Can I grab my jacket?
I left it on the counter.
Yeah.
Just be quiet.
Here it is.
A little late, isn't it?
Dad, you scared me.
I'm sorry, Gavin.
It's my fault.
I just lost your time.
Hey, Mom.
Oh, how was it?
Oh, it was so much fun.
I should probably get going, though.
Oh, no, no.
Stay.
Want to hear about tonight.
No, wait.
I should probably go.
Well, take someone to get home, okay?
That reminds me.
I want to show you something online.
Really?
Yeah.
I love the details.
It's going to look so beautiful on you.
Oh, thanks, Mom.
Oh, you're such a beautiful couple.
I want to go to your dad.
Okay.
Hey, dad, can you come inside?
I want to show you something real quick.
Yeah.
I'll be in in a minute.
Okay.
Actually, Megan, come sit with me for a second.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
I wanted to ask you a question.
Okay.
What is it you see in Zach?
He's so sweet.
He's charming.
He's funny.
What else?
Do you love about him?
I don't know.
He makes me happy.
But, Megan, why?
What are those feelings based on?
Dad, you're starting to sound like Liz.
Zach isn't bad.
I'm not saying Zach is bad.
I give him a lot of credit.
He was raised in a religiously divided household.
Exactly.
However, Zach's been studying for years.
You have to be patient.
He's going to get baptized and then he's going to start reaching out.
Are you basing that off of his actions or his promises?
No disrespect, Dad.
But when it comes to reaching out,
you're not exactly the stellar example either.
You're right.
And maybe that's what's bothering me.
Don't you think you're overreacting?
I'm besides Dad.
I don't want to be single for the rest of my life.
I'm not saying stay single forever.
I'm saying, give it some time.
You get one shot to choose your marriage mate.
The choice is yours.
But so are the consequences.
I'm making the right choice.
You just can't be happy for me.
Megan of the Son of Man will be.
For as they were in those days before the flood,
eating and drinking.
This is exactly what I was taught on plans.
I need to talk to you.
Yeah, let me just throw on a shirt.
I'll be right out.
Meg.
Can you just tell me you love me?
I love you.
Really?
What's wrong? What's going on?
You weren't at the meeting again last night.
Is that what this is about?
I was exhausted, okay?
My dad said...
Your dad?
Is that what this is all coming from?
He is only concerned.
I know.
This is the truth.
There's always going to be people telling you what to do
and how to feel.
But trust your feelings.
And trust me.
What if there's just more?
Before you say another word.
I'll be right back, okay?
I know people are going to think whatever they want to think.
But the last person that I want to be worried is you.
I was going to wait.
But there's a reason why I'm working so much.
And I want you to know that.
Which is why I want to ask you...
Will you marry me?
Yes, I will.
Can I put it on?
Yes.
I just wish we didn't have to worry about what everybody else got.
That we can just be together.
And not worry about that.
You mean... a lope?
So why don't we?
Okay.
Yeah?
Priscilla, it's Liz.
Oh, Liz, how nice to see you.
Oh, good to see you.
I miss you.
I forgot your dish, sir.
Oh, don't worry about that.
I'd like to sit and visit for a few minutes.
I would love to.
We were having a cup of tea.
I wonder if you'd like to join us.
I would love some tea.
Oh, good, good.
A little spot of tea, as the British say.
To revive you after your shopping expedition.
My steering wheel is shopping.
Thank you, Priscilla.
So how's things going with you?
Pretty good, I guess.
You seem a little sad.
I don't know.
You feel like talking about it?
I don't think it would help.
You know you can talk to us.
Please.
Well, last year I was interested in someone
but had to end it.
What was that?
Zach Taylor?
Oh, yes.
Oh, huh.
Well, not long after it was over, he started dating Megan.
And I don't regret the decision.
I know I was way too young.
But sometimes I just wonder if I'll ever feel like that
about someone else again.
Oh, of course you will, Liz.
Do you hope it created our hearts to heal?
And besides, it's not always a failure
when a romance doesn't work out.
Sometimes it's for the best.
Zach is a bit of a high risk.
Yeah, a lot of people felt that way.
I don't know though, they seem really happy.
It takes time to reveal the inner person,
the secret person of the heart.
Well, how do you get to know the inner person?
Well, you have to hold back a little bit emotionally
until you're sure that you're going to bring out
the best in each other.
It seems like everyone's found someone but me.
Enjoy your singleness while you have it.
We did.
And then if that special someone comes along,
you'll get to start a whole new chapter in your life.
I get to one.
I'm always hiding behind the camera, so this doesn't matter.
It's alright.
Liz, I was so glad to meet you.
The wedding was gorgeous.
Thank you.
Oh wait, John, can you get a picture of this a two of us?
Yeah, sure.
What happened to you?
Sure.
Oh, nothing.
Don't worry about it.
How do you want this picture?
Just like this is fine.
There it is.
Oh, Liz, I love it.
Looks great.
Thank you, John.
So, your name is Liz.
I'm sorry, I introduced you Liz.
This is John, our photographer.
There's David.
I'll catch you guys later.
Okay.
Again.
I'm really sorry.
It's okay, it's just a shirt.
It's really just a mess, honestly.
And I can go buy new stuff.
Thank you.
You're welcome, my friends.
Did you know David and Olivia from Before The Wedding?
I did.
David and I sort of grew up together.
We actually pioneered together.
I came back a couple weeks ago for a visit.
He found out that I do photography and asked if I'd handle the wedding.
You are.
Here I am.
I didn't drink spilled on you.
Yeah.
It's a show.
You want Olivia?
You two go way back?
Well, you went to find your school together.
They're friends ever since.
When did you go?
John, can we get a quick picture?
Oh.
I'm sorry, I've got to get a picture of the cake before they cut it.
It's pretty good that way.
It's nice meeting you Liz.
Nice meeting you too.
Bye.
Okay, bye.
With this ring, I V-Wed.
It is my great pleasure to pronounce you husband and wife.
And to kiss your bride.
She takes after her mom.
It's crazy how time has gone by so fast.
I know.
What are you doing here?
We moved back.
What?
Yeah.
Why?
Tell her.
My dad's opening up a second restaurant in the city.
And he went back to rent it.
That's great.
Yeah, the commute was killing me.
So it just made sense.
Well, that's exciting.
So we actually hired on Rod.
Yeah, you're a soccer buddy from high school, right?
Yeah.
Oh, that reminds me.
You have to come check out our law.
We just furnished it.
Yeah.
I'll be in debt for years over that.
Oh, come on.
I'm worth it.
Of course you are.
I'd love to see it.
So what are you still doing here?
What do you mean?
Well, no, just...
I just thought you'd be doing something else by now.
Hey, baby.
We better go if we're going to get the show.
Yeah, we actually have to drop Christine off at my parents.
So, yeah.
Really, it was so good seeing you.
Who's good to see you, too?
I'm surprised you remembered.
Uh, yeah.
I kind of hard to figure that.
You're just staying.
I loved on your shirt.
I felt terrible.
It is.
I've dyed the whole shirt red since then.
It's good to see you again.
You, too.
Are you back here for a visit?
No, I'm moved.
Really?
Yeah.
It's been a while.
Really?
Yeah, it's been about six months.
Nice.
So, have you been here before?
No, this is my first time.
You?
Oh, no.
I tend to stop by here a lot in my way home.
I really love photography.
I saw David and Olivia's wedding pictures.
They came out so beautiful.
Thanks.
Did a great job.
Thank you.
Honestly, though, shooting wedding photos wasn't my first choice.
You paid us the bells.
What was your first choice?
Something more like this here.
Let me show you.
I like this one.
I am?
It's very different from the rest here.
Really?
Why?
Whatever they are.
Time has moved on, but not their love.
It's still strong.
What are you thinking?
I was just thinking most pictures capture a moment in time.
This one captures a whole lifetime in a moment.
This one says to me at least.
Oh.
I just never thought about it like that before.
You know, I think the photographer would agree with you.
Who is he?
Oh.
Nobody important.
Let me show you this one over here.
Well, thanks.
Let me show you around.
That was really nice.
I'm glad.
So, is this it?
Let's picture you tell me about?
Yeah.
It seems really sad.
I guess I was having a moment.
You ever make a decision that you know was right.
But it still hurts anyways.
Absolutely.
A couple of years ago, my little brother was since fellowship.
So, we had a sub-associating.
It was the right thing to do, of course.
But I was so painful.
First Peter 5.7 has always helped me.
Do you hope it cares for us?
So, we're never really alone.
Nope.
It's my mom.
I told her I was going straight home.
Yeah, I let you go.
But it is getting kind of cold.
Let's take my jacket.
I don't know.
Nope.
I insist.
It's a little big, but it'll work.
Thank you.
How will I get it back to you?
I still have a talk at your congregation coming up.
So, let's get it then.
Bye, John.
Bye this.
My last question.
Why should somebody come to Luna?
Now, what would you say to your prospective customers?
It's a very good question.
Our selections are beautifully conceived.
They're elegantly presented.
And they're served in this captivating atmosphere.
But they shouldn't take my word for it.
They should come and see it for themselves.
Yeah, I think that she was just about to do it.
It wasn't so bad.
All right.
Thanks, Joe.
Oh, no problem.
Yeah, and just tell Mr. Tanner that I'm sorry
he couldn't make it for the interview.
Yeah.
I'll be sure to tell him.
All right.
You have a good one.
Take care now.
Well, you're here early.
Hey, Zach.
I need to talk to you.
You got a second?
Actually, I don't.
I have a bunch of things.
It's really important.
Just a couple of minutes.
All right.
So, how's Megan?
She's good?
Yeah.
She happy?
She's happy spending my money.
Ah, see?
That's why I stayed single.
Yeah, she's done the same.
Hey, listen.
Here's my real question.
What happened last night?
What are you talking about?
Last night.
You said you were going to be here for the magazine interview.
I'm totally sorry.
I forgot.
Were you able to take care of it, though?
You mean did I?
Did I cover for you?
Yeah, Zach.
I covered for you.
Apparently, that's what I do now.
Come on.
No, you don't.
I had to go to my meeting last night.
I haven't gone in months.
Megan won't stop nagging me about it.
I'm cool with all of them.
You know, to each his own.
And that's your thing.
But you have to understand that the business is picking up.
We need to know you're going to be there.
I'm here now, aren't I?
You know, look.
Our busiest time isn't now.
It's when.
Evening's in weekends.
You know that.
When you hired me, you said we were going to work as a team, right?
Yeah.
I did.
I know.
But the last time I checked, a team met more than one person.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Look.
We're not kids anymore.
You know, this is the real world.
And the business doesn't run itself.
You know that.
So, what do you want from me?
I want to know you're going to be there.
I'd like to know I could depend on you.
You can, okay?
I promise I'll make this my priority.
Priority.
Okay.
We'll see.
Long day?
Yeah, it was.
You've had a lot of those lately, huh?
It's busy and business needs me.
I know.
It just seems like the business comes before a lot of things lately.
Meetings.
Our marriage.
Look, it doesn't exactly look like you're suffering.
What do you want from me, Meg?
I want Christina's father.
I want my husband.
I want a spiritual man.
Can't you see that I'm doing the best that I can?
I'm trying.
If you can't see that, then I don't know what to say.
You know, I have work to do.
You have so many kids in your congregation.
You're talking today was perfect for them.
Oh, thank you.
They love the compass illustrations.
They seem really interested in kids.
There's a reason for that.
Oh, your brother?
Yeah.
So, with kids, I like to try to reach them while they're still time.
Liz, I'm sorry.
I promised him I'm showing the compass before I left.
Oh, sure.
Can you just give me one minute?
I'll be right back.
Yeah, no problem.
Pretty cute, huh?
Yeah.
He seems like a really nice person.
You know, he really is.
We've known his family for years.
I have to say the one thing I really admire about him.
He never gets distracted by all these offers that come along.
What offers?
Well, you know, he has his work on display in these galleries
and magazines.
They all want him to be their principal photographer.
Really?
Yeah.
He turns him down, though.
He doesn't want to be away from the congregation.
You know, you can see how much he loves his work.
He's so focused, spiritually.
He's a good brother.
Sounds like it.
Yeah, it's too bad he's leaving.
Wait, leaving?
Well, that's what I heard.
I guess he's going back to Oregon to go home.
Hey, my ride is here, so I gotta get going.
I'll talk to you later, okay?
Bye, Jane.
You by yourself?
Yeah.
I just needed a break, so I got a babysitter.
Oh, okay.
I can get you anything.
Let me know, okay?
Thanks.
So you still drinking tea?
It's nice to see some things haven't changed.
Megan.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
Are you sure?
It seems like something's wrong.
Zach moved out.
Oh, Megan.
It's just for a couple days, but we had a really bad fight.
Nothing is what I expected it to be.
Megan, I'm sure it's not that bad.
It's worse.
At first, everything was great.
But slowly, everything just started to fall apart.
Oh, Megan, have you tried talking to him?
You'd have to be home first.
He's never home.
Maybe the alter's gone out.
I've tried.
He won't even meet me.
Don't, okay?
Don't, don't what?
I don't need your pity.
Oh, Megan, that's not what I meant.
I see it on your face.
I see it on everyone's face.
Especially my dad.
I'm doing here to go.
Megan, look at us.
We lead such different lives.
You would never understand.
I hope I can help you fix this.
I used to be italistic, but now I'm just realistic.
Yeah, I went home to help out my parents for a couple weeks.
Why?
No reason.
What crew do you want?
Oh, finishes.
Sounds exciting.
I don't know what it means either.
You?
I want an electrical.
Ah.
Yeah, that was exciting.
The lines.
Yeah.
It's really good to see you again.
It's good to see you too.
I guess, you know, I should probably give back to work.
Right.
Me too.
Some wires.
I'll talk to you later.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye, Jen.
Hey, Liz.
A couple of us are going to see a movie later.
Would you like to come?
Yes.
Okay.
Great.
So, tonight, around seven.
Okay.
All right.
That sounds perfect.
See you tonight, then.
Okay.
Bye.
Cheers.
I'd like to introduce to you,
brother and sister, John and Elizabeth Shaw.
Leaving?
Does it matter?
No.
Not really.
I just left some paperwork here.
I'm working late.
Of course you are.
Yeah, well.
At least I'll get a break from the nagging.
Yes, Zach.
What do I get?
You get your freedom.
I don't want freedom.
You know what I want.
Are we really going to do this again?
What's the point?
The point is, you're never home.
You never spend any time with your family.
You must be the most self-centered man I know.
Oh, and I know you.
Where's the sweet support of girl that I married?
Whatever happened to reaching out and getting baptized.
Look, I'm not exactly taking it easy.
I'm trying to support all of this.
Remember?
Oh, and there it is.
The one thing you're still good at.
Excuses.
And you wonder why I'm never here.
This conversation is over.
That's not all that's over.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Fine.
Any way you want it.
I was begging.
I feel like I'm never seeing her anymore.
To be honest, I don't see her much anymore either.
Is she okay?
I...
She's going through another rough patch with Zach.
I'm so sorry.
I was hoping things were getting better.
Thank you.
You were talking, too?
It was.
I wanted to ask about Megan.
I just did.
It doesn't sound good.
I know the elders have tried.
And now it's really up to them to apply Bible principles.
Yeah.
Last time I talked to Megan, she said every time they try and talk it into an argument.
No two people agree on everything.
But when we disagree, we have to be kind to one another.
I just hope it's not too late.
It never is if they're willing to act unselfishly.
Oh, that's so true.
I know every marriage goes through some tough times.
But if we followed Jehovah's example of unselfish love, we always get through it.
I just wonder if Megan still believes that.
Look fantastic.
Thanks.
So you're not stored in a coffee bar, are you?
You remember that?
I have a near-photographic memory for all coffee-related facts.
So it's a little busy in here.
You want to go outside?
Because in fresh air?
Yeah, sure.
A place out over there.
Oh, it's much better out here.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
Pretty view.
So what do you do, Landon?
I'm a live counselor.
Like a psychiatrist.
You could say that.
But more specifically, I focus on couples with marrow problems.
So you're married?
Divorced, actually.
Wait, isn't that a little hypocritical?
Trust me, it's not.
I don't help couples force themselves together.
I help them to confront their issues.
And sometimes it's best to say.
Sometimes it's best to leave.
So, what category are you in?
Sorry, just an occupational hazard.
Honestly, I came here tonight to just forget my problems.
Ah, that's cool.
I'm curious, though.
Did you ever marry anybody I know?
Invite from school?
No, he was in my congregation growing up.
All right.
You were, uh, Jova's witness.
Yeah.
Still?
Of course.
Nice.
We'll make it listen.
Here's a little bit of free advice.
Now, granted, I don't know your situation.
I've seen a lot of couples stay in bad marriages.
Now, they married on impulse, but then as time goes by,
they just always have nothing to common.
Instead of just accepting that, making a clean break,
you know, they try and stick it out or they try and be known.
The whole time, they're just drifting emotionally.
They're just pruning.
They just stop.
You don't agree?
It's just that the Bible says that two shall become one flesh.
It says that, but you think you're really going to be happy
taking relationship advice from a book written 2,000 years ago.
What about trusting your heart?
And if you look in there,
you'll realize you haven't found your soulmate yet.
I don't believe in soulmates landing.
Really?
Then why'd you come here tonight?
Well, when you were ready to deal with this,
here's my card.
Go ahead.
I'll talk to you soon.
Hey, babe.
How was your day?
Yeah?
Liz?
You okay?
Yeah.
I'm just worried about Megan.
What's going on?
She's got off the phone with Ellen,
and she says Zach moved out again.
I'm sorry to hear that.
You tried calling her?
I tried calling, texting.
She's not responding.
What if you just went over there?
The rest time we talked to it,
it really didn't go so well.
I'm sorry, babe.
Let me see if maybe I can find something that'll help, okay?
Just reminding me of you
and made me think how we can help Megan right now.
It says,
a true friend shows love at all times
and is a brother who is born for times of distress.
Don't you think that's the kind of friendship
you need right now?
You used to be injured?
What is Zach?
What are you doing here?
Oh, you don't answer your phone.
What choice do I have?
Sorry, I changed my number.
I haven't had a chance to let everybody know yet.
It's okay.
Can I come in?
Um, yeah.
I mean, I have a few minutes.
Perfect.
She's with my parents today.
I have an appointment to get to.
Oh, okay.
What's all this?
You don't want to know.
You have phone numbers, secret papers.
It's not the Megan I know.
Megan you knew wouldn't file for divorce either.
You're getting a divorce?
It's just the beginning stages, but...
Megan, this isn't making any sense.
Is this what Zach wants?
Look, I'm not going to waste any more of my life being unhappy.
What about what you'll want?
You married a man that loves Jehovah.
You still have our times when we don't see eye to eye.
But with the Bible's help...
spare me the sermon, okay?
You don't get it.
No, I don't.
Megan, I care about you.
I appreciate your concern, but I don't need your help anymore.
I'm helping myself.
So if you don't mind, I have an appointment to get to.
Megan.
Dad?
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for you.
Mom told you.
I told her not to say anything.
You shouldn't even be here.
I'm already late.
Megan.
How many times is it going to happen?
Do you want me to eat garbage?
Do you want the clients to eat garbage?
I didn't think so.
So get it right.
Excuse me, I'll be back in a second.
Okay.
You okay?
Look, I'm just tired, okay?
I'll be fine.
Come on, talk to me.
Everything okay at home?
Things are great at home.
Come on.
Why don't you tell me what's going on?
You wouldn't understand.
Try me.
We're getting a divorce, okay?
What?
Witnesses don't get divorced.
You told me that.
Look, it's something that she wants.
All right.
What about you?
What do you want?
I don't even know anymore.
Peace.
I just want some peace in my life.
Look, obviously, I'm no marriage counselor.
But I've known you a long time.
And I've seen what happens when you.
When you work hard, you know?
You work hard and things go well.
What are you talking about?
I guess what I'm trying to say.
Does it make sense?
If you work harder on your marriage?
Is that something they'd say at those meetings
or something you read in the Bible or something like that?
Are you kidding me?
You're taking sides with the Bible now?
You're the same guy that told me to focus on this place.
I did tell you to focus on this place.
And maybe that was a mistake.
As your friend, you just seemed happier
when you were going to those meetings.
I mean, does that make sense?
We are done here.
Why?
I'm just trying to help you out.
Oh, I forgot how beautiful it is around here.
It just seems smaller now.
You were only seven last time we were here back.
Yeah, I wish I could go back.
I didn't come here to say I told you so.
And I'm not here to judge you.
So you came here to change my mind.
Sweetie, you're not seven anymore.
You have to make your own choices.
That's right.
I'm choosing to be happy.
I made plenty of mistakes.
But I'm ready to move on.
And you think this divorce is going to help you move on?
Yes.
I didn't set the best example spiritually.
I didn't take the lead like I should have.
And I'm really sorry for that.
No, Megan.
I've been doing a lot of praying about your mother and me.
About you.
I've decided I need to do better spiritually.
So I'm starting now.
I don't think I understand.
What do you mean?
Before you go through with this divorce.
Let me ask you one question.
What is it that brought you to this moment?
I don't know.
I guess Zach wasn't the one.
No, sweetheart.
You made a choice.
You chose Zach.
And did you include Jehovah in that choice?
Probably not.
And now you're unhappy.
God, I know all this.
Meg, look.
Here's the point.
You're about to make another huge decision.
And who's not being included in that?
Sweetheart, happiness is always going to allude you.
If you keep leading Jehovah out of the picture.
You just don't get it.
You'd be surprised, Megan.
Yeah, I doubt it.
What do you see when you look at your mother and me?
You guys love each other.
We do.
But our marriage is imperfect.
No marriage is.
It's made up of two imperfect people.
A sweetie.
A love centered on Jehovah.
It takes those two imperfect halves.
And makes them one flesh.
But why do I have to make the sacrifice?
You made the vow.
The key loves me anymore.
Maybe he thinks the same about you.
Reach out to him.
Trust him.
You did come here to change my mind.
No sweetheart, because I love you.
Love is patient and kind.
It's not look for its own interest.
It does not become provoked.
It does not keep account of the injury.
It bears all things, believes all things,
hopes all things,
and doors all things.
Look, I know you don't want me here, okay?
I just came to get a few things.
Don't worry.
I want to talk about that.
No.
Save it, okay?
I'm tired of this.
Never fails.
Zack.
Why can't you just leave it alone?
I'm sick of this, Megan.
Zack, I just want to talk to you, please.
You may tell me more things I'm not doing.
How long are we going to do this?
No.
I don't.
It was a mistake.
You said so yourself.
Which one is it, Megan?
Huh?
Make up your mind.
I was wrong.
Got a good father.
I'm not a good husband.
And I never did get baptized.
So there, you win.
The only thing I was ever good at was making excuses.
So why don't you just leave?
Did you just hear what I said?
But why would you want to stay with me?
Instead, I'm trying hard to apply Bible principles.
I don't know if Zack will ever make the truth his own.
But with Jehovah's help,
I'll make it through.
Thanks for never giving up on me.
That's fantastic.
He decided to stop by Paul and Priscilla's one last time
before our trip.
They were so excited for us.
It was hard to believe that after all these years,
we had finally been accepted to Kingdom Evangelizer School.
The fields have been an inspiration to me.
A true love can be found
if we put Jehovah and his principles first in our life.
True love is enduring
and can be enjoyed for all eternity.
And in the end, Priscilla was right.
Now I am starting a whole new chapter in my life.